README.md, before:

# J4502/7502, Fall 2016
Welcome to J4502: Multimedia Planning and Design

This is the repository for Multimedia Planning and Design. Here, Elizabeth and Rob will post sample code throughout the semester. You'll learn basic HTML and CSS, alongside best practices.

The [class wiki](https://github.com/j4502-fs16/class/wiki) is where the class [syllabus](https://github.com/j4502-fs16/class/wiki/Syllabus), assignments, due dates, and other information will be posted.

You'll learn how to use repositories like this one throughout the semester.

For now, go ahead and download the two programs we'll be using in this class:

* Atom (text editor) [For Mac](https://atom.io) | [For Other Platforms](https://github.com/atom/atom/releases/tag/v1.2.4)

* GitHub Desktop (aka the cat app) [For Mac](https://desktop.github.com) | [For Windows](https://desktop.github.com)

We'll also be using [Slack](https://slack.com/) to communicate. You can use it in a browser, or with a mobile app, but we also highly recommend the [desktop app](https://slack.com/apps).

You should also have a browser on your computer. More than one is even better! A few we recommend are:

* [Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204416)

* [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/)

* [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/?product=firefox-3.6.8&os=osx%E3%80%88=en-US)

We're looking forward to the class!

— Elizabeth and Rob

Commit message:

Added app links
iOS, Android, Windows Phone

README.md, after:

# J4502/7502, Fall 2016
Welcome to J4502: Multimedia Planning and Design

This is the repository for Multimedia Planning and Design. Here, Elizabeth and Rob will post sample code throughout the semester. You'll learn basic HTML and CSS, alongside best practices.

The [class wiki](https://github.com/j4502-fs16/class/wiki) is where the class [syllabus](https://github.com/j4502-fs16/class/wiki/Syllabus), assignments, due dates, and other information will be posted.

You'll learn how to use repositories like this one throughout the semester.

For now, go ahead and download the two programs we'll be using in this class:

* Atom (text editor) [For Mac](https://atom.io) | [For Other Platforms](https://github.com/atom/atom/releases/tag/v1.2.4)

* GitHub Desktop (aka the cat app) [For Mac](https://desktop.github.com) | [For Windows](https://desktop.github.com)

We'll also be using [Slack](https://slack.com/) to communicate. You can use it in a browser, but we highly recommend the [desktop app](https://slack.com/apps) or the mobile app: [For iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/slack-team-communication/id618783545?mt=8) | [For Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Slack&hl=en) | [For Windows Phone](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/apps/slack-beta/9nblggh1jj9h). 

You should also have a browser on your computer. More than one is even better! A few we recommend are:

* [Safari](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204416)

* [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/)

* [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/?product=firefox-3.6.8&os=osx%E3%80%88=en-US)

We're looking forward to the class!

— Elizabeth and Rob
